Updated deprecated links in organizing-conversations.rst (#4846)
mattermost/docs: source/getting-started/organizing-conversations.rst

    .. image:: ../images/unarchive-channel.png
        :alt: Unarchive a channel.

When a channel is unarchived, channel membership and all its content is restored, unless messages and files have been deleted based on the `data retention policy <https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#data-retention-policy>`__.

> In addition to this, System Admins can also unarchive channels `via the CLI <https://docs.mattermost.com/manage/command-line-tools.html#mattermost-channel-restore>`_ and Team Admins can unarchive them `via the API <https://api.mattermost.com/#tag/channels/paths/~1channels~1%7Bchannel_id%7D~1restore/post>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to this, System Admins can also unarchive channels `via the CLI <https://docs.mattermost.com/manage/command-line-tools.html#mattermost-channel-restore>`_ and Team Admins can unarchive them `via the API <https://api.mattermost.com/#operation/RestoreChannel>`_.
```

Reviewer: I've provided an updated API link.
